[WIP] Consolidated 4.10 RAN docs (#43890)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-validating-the-generation-of-installation-crs.adoc

file// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-validating-the-generation-of-installation-crs_{context}"]
= Validating the generation of installation CRs

> You can apply the installation custom resources (CRs) to the hub cluster in a namespace with name matching the site name using the following command:

Reviewer: This is not correct...
```suggestion
In response to a SiteConfig CR pushed to your git repository the GitOps ZTP infrastructure will generate a set of installation CRs on the hub cluster. You can check that the installation CRs were created by using the following command:
```

> The GitOps ZTP infrastructure generates a set of installation CRs on the hub cluster in response to a `SiteConfig` CR pushed to your Git repository. You can check that the installation CRs were created by using the following command:

Reviewer 2: Spell out ZTP.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get AgentClusterInstall -n <cluster_name>
----

If no object is returned, use the following procedure to troubleshoot the ArgoCD pipeline flow from `SiteConfig` files to the installation CRs.

.Procedure

. Verify that the `SiteConfig->ManagedCluster` was generated to the hub cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get managedcluster
----

> . If the `SiteConfig` `ManagedCluster` is missing, check to see if the `clusters` application failed to synchronize the files from the Git repository to the hub:

Reviewer 2: Change to: "...is missing, see if..."
